[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Howdy.
Here's what's new in
Dev Tools in Chrome 74.
First up, DevTools now
highlights all nodes
affected by a CSS property.
Here, I've got DevTools
open alongside the DevTools
homepage.
I want to view the styles
for this paragraph,
so I click Inspect, and
then I click the paragraph.
When I hover over margin,
I see orange boxes
before and after
each paragraph node.
This means that the margin
property I'm hovering over
applies to all these nodes.
When I change
padding to 10 pixels
and then hover over that, I see
green boxes around the node.
The Audits panel has a new
tap targets audit, as well as
a new badging system
for the PWA audit.
The new tap targets audit
checks that interactive nodes
like buttons and links are
usable for mobile users.
For example, if a
button and a link
are too small and
too close together,
a mobile user may tap the link
by mistake when they actually
meant to tap the button.
In this report,
the Audits panel is
saying that the File a Bug link
is overlapping the View Source
link.
To simulate mobile
and see this problem
myself, I'll click
Toggle Device Toolbar
and pick an arbitrary
mobile device, say Pixels 2.
When I scroll to
the bottom, I see
the File a Bug link with
the View Source link right
below it.
So it makes sense
that these tap targets
might be too close on mobile.
In general, to pass
the audit, I need
to make sure that the targets
are at least 48 pixels tall
and 48 pixels wide,
with 8 pixels of space
between targets.
Moving on to the PWA category,
when you pass a section,
such as Fast and
Reliable, you get a badge.
And if you pass
all three sections,
you get a checkmark for the
PWA category [INAUDIBLE]..
You can now view binary
WebSocket messages
from the Network panel.
To view WebSocket messages,
go to the Network panel,
click the row that represents
a WebSocket connection,
then open the Messages tab.
A binary message from
the browser to the server
has a green up arrow next
to it, and a binary message
from the server
to the browser has
a red down arrow next to it.
Click a binary message
to view its content
in the section below the table.
Click the Format list to
convert from the default hex
to base 64 or UTF-8, and
click Copy to copy the message
content to your clipboard.
The Command menu
now has a command
for capturing area screenshots.
Press Control-Shift-P or
Command-Shift-P on Mac
to open the Command menu.
Start typing "area," then
press Enter to run the command.
Drag your mouse over the
section of the viewport
that you want to
screenshot, then
release your mouse to
capture the screenshot.
You can now filter the network
log to only show requests
that a service worker
caused or intercepted.
Type is:service-worker-initiated
to view requests that were
caused by a service
worker, or type
is:service-worker-intercepted
to view requests that matched
a service worker route.
The Performance panel now marks
up long tasks and First Paint.
Here, I've got a
recording of the page load
performance of Google Maps.
Tasks are now shown at the top
of the main thread flame chart.
Long tasks have a red triangle
in their top-right corner.
In the Timing section, the new
First Paint marker is shown.
Here's a bonus tip on a
lesser-known feature that's
been in DevTools
for a long time.
By default, the Styles
pane shows hex color codes.
To view RGB or HSL, hold Shift
then click the color box.
That's all for Chrome 74.
Leave me questions and
feedback in the comments.
Otherwise, I'll see you in
six weeks for Chrome 75.
[MUSIC PLAYING]